Serenity November (#1061)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-11/2-TA-addrows.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/TA_addrows.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Table Attribute"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- GE
---

> # Add New Rows from the Product Edit Form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add New Rows to the Table Attribute from the Product Edit Form
```

> # Add New Rows to the Table Attribute from the Product Edit Form

Author: ```suggestion
# Add New Rows to the Table Attribute from the PEF
```

::: meta-data type="New" features="Governance" available="Late-October" in="EE" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-multidimensional-data-in-a-table.html"

> Add new rows directly from the product edit form as soon as you realize they are missing. You no longer have to go back to the Settings page. Staying in the PEF will help you stay focused on enrichment and without this context-switching, your products will be ready to be shared in no time!

Reviewer: If product edit form is capitalized in the title, it should be capitalized here too

> Add new rows directly from the product edit form as soon as you realize they are missing. You no longer have to go back to the Settings page. Staying in the PEF will help you stay focused on enrichment and without this context-switching, your products will be ready to be shared in no time!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new row options to your tables directly from the Product Edit Form. As soon as you realize a row is missing, you no longer have to go back to the Settings page to edit your Table Attribute. Staying in the PEF will help you stay focused on enrichment and get your products will be ready to be shared in no time!
```
